feat: table filterSearch supports function (#34085)
ant-design/ant-design: components/table/demo/filter-search.md

---
order: 6.2
version: 4.19.0
title:
  en-US: Filter search
  zh-CN: 自定义筛选的搜索
---

## zh-CN

`filterSearch` 用于开启筛选项的搜索，通过 `filterSearch:(input, record) => boolean` 设置自定义筛选方法

## en-US

> `filterSearch` is used for making filter dropdown items searchable,use `filterSearch:(input, record) => boolean` set
> custom filter function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`filterSearch` is used to enable search of filter items, and you can set a custom filter method through `filterSearch:(input, record) => boolean`.
```

Author: done
